Using built-in components with render and :is (#946)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/built-in-components.md

# Built-In Components

> The built-in components can all be used directly in templates without needing to be registered.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: More concise?

```suggestion
Built-in components can be used directly in templates without needing to be registered.
```

> The `<keep-alive>`, `<transition>`, `<transition-group>`, and `<teleport>` components can all be tree-shaken by bundlers, so that they are only included in the build if they're used. They can also be imported explicitly if you need direct access to the component itself:

Reviewer: **props**: Love this clarification in the introduction!

```js
// CDN build of Vue
const { KeepAlive, Teleport, Transition, TransitionGroup } = Vue
```

```js
// ESM build of Vue
import { KeepAlive, Teleport, Transition, TransitionGroup } from 'vue'
```

> `<component>` and `<slot>` are component-like features of template syntax. They are not true components and they can't be imported like the components shown above. 

Reviewer: **props**: Another solid clarification here for the general concept of built-in components!

  <component :is="href ? 'a' : 'span'"></component>
  ```

>   The built-in components `KeepAlive`, `Transition`, `TransitionGroup`, and `Teleport` can all be passed to `is` but you must register them if you want to pass them by name. e.g.: 

Reviewer: **nitpick**: Add comma

**suggestion:** Remove abbreviation to improve comprehension for those unfamiliar with i.e., e.g., etc.

```suggestion
  The built-in components `KeepAlive`, `Transition`, `TransitionGroup`, and `Teleport` can all be passed to `is`, but you must register them if you want to pass them by name. For example:
```
